Get money back if your train is delayed by 15 minutes or more
If you arrive 15 minutes or more late at your destination because of a delay or cancellation to a Southeastern service, you can claim Delay Repay compensation. Delay Repay is the national compensation scheme used by train companies. Claims can be made up to 28 days after your journey.

There are now three ways to claim Delay Repay with Southeastern:

One Click Delay Repay is a new, quicker and easier way to claim compensation if your journey has been delayed. You can make a claim in just one click as we'll automatically create a Delay Repay claim for you! All you have to do is confirm the journey details and we'll take care of the rest. Our new service is available to our Key smartcard customers and anyone who buys an eTicket or Advance ticket through our website or app, for travel on the Southeastern network.
You can sign up by registering or logging into your Southeastern account and navigating to ‘One Click Delay Repay’ within the drop-down menu. For more information, please visit our FAQs page (link below).
You can also still continue to claim Delay Repay online by clicking the button above or you can also make a claim by post by downloading a Delay Repay claim form.
There are multiple ways to receive compensation including a bank transfer, PayPal, eVoucher and cashable voucher.

All passengers who claim Delay Repay now also have the option to donate their compensation to one of the five charities listed below.

Great Ormond Street Hospital Children's Charity
Cancer Research UK
Samaritans
RSPCA
Railway Children 

If you still have questions about Delay Repay or One Click Delay Repay, click below to visit one of our FAQ pages.

our compensation is based on the ticket type, cost of the ticket, and the length of your delay.

Oyster and Contactless Pay As You Go are treated as Single tickets for the journey taken and the amount charged against the tap-in/tap-out times.

As Season tickets are valid for a period of time, we'll compensate you up to a maximum of the return journey rate for a Season ticket.


If you’re claiming Delay Repay online, it’s really easy. You can do so by using our online Delay Repay form.

You can claim as a guest or register so your details are remembered for any future claims, which will speed things up for you.

You can also claim by post. Delay Repay forms can be found at our stations, or download a Delay Repay claim PDF form to print out and fill in. It’s self-addressed and freepost.

You have 28 days from the date of the delayed journey to make a claim.


How do I make a Delay Repay claim?
If you’re claiming Delay Repay online, it’s really easy. You can do so by using our online Delay Repay form.

You can claim as a guest or register so your details are remembered for any future claims, which will speed things up for you.

You can also claim by post. Delay Repay forms can be found at our stations, or download a Delay Repay claim PDF form to print out and fill in. It’s self-addressed and freepost.

You have 28 days from the date of the delayed journey to make a claim.


What information do I need to provide in order to make a claim?
Our online Delay Repay form and paper PDF form will both guide you through the process step by step, however the list below shows what information you will need to provide in order for us to process your claim:

For all ticket types:

Date of travel
Time of scheduled departure
Origin station
Any interchange stations
Destination station
For paper ticket, Key, eTicket or sTickets, we'll also need at least one of:

A copy of your Daily or Weekly Season ticket
A copy of your Monthly, Period or Annual Season ticket or a photocard ID number
Your Key card number
Your eTicket or sTicket reference, found under the QR code
Your Southeastern online booking reference
If you bought your ticket from another retailer, please ensure you provide a copy of the ticket or eTicket reference. We cannot use order references from third parties.
For Oyster/Contactless we'll also need at least one of:

A copy of your journey statement
A copy of your Monthly or Annual Season ticket record
(Both of these can be provided by Transport for London. We cannot accept Contactless card payment statements which don’t show the time of travel or journey paid for).

My journey involved split tickets. How do I make a claim?
The way you make a claim for journeys that involve a split ticket is slightly different to other tickets.

You don't need to submit multiple claims for the same journey – as these will be treated as duplicates and declined.

When completing our Delay Repay form, please follow the usual steps except for:

Enter in the full journey details – your origin and destination stations. We don't need to know any stations in between unless you actively made a connection.

Enter your ticket number as : 00000

When selecting the delay reason, choose 'Other' and enter into the details box 'split ticket used'

The form will only allow you to attached one picture. Therefore, when attaching your tickets, you will need to attach all tickets together as a single photo.

You can make a claim using our online Delay Repay form.


Can I claim Delay Repay with a receipt or confirmation email?
No. In order to ensure the validity of a claim, we need to see the actual ticket that was used.

Each ticket has a unique number which is read by our Delay Repay system to verify that the ticket hasn't already been claimed against or been refunded. Therefore, we need a copy of the ticket, which isn't included on receipts or confirmation emails.


When am I entitled to make a claim?
You can claim for compensation if you've travelled on Southeastern, and were delayed by at least 15 minutes or more getting to your destination.

A delayed train is usually when your train service is running behind the planned and advertised timetable. If we have had to change the timetable, such as for poor weather or planned engineering and improvement work, Delay Repay will be based on the amended timetable that we advertise.

Exceptions to this are:

If you travelled with multiple train operators across several legs, and were delayed by at least 15 minutes at your final destination, you need to claim through the train operator that caused the first delay to the whole journey. In some cases, there may be multiple delays on different legs of your journey, but Delay Repay is still processed by the train operator that caused the first delay. If you submit a claim with Southeastern for a journey that was delayed by another train operator, we'll pass the claim to them and will let you know.

For any planned changes to timetables, Delay Repay will be based on the new timetable that we advised. Our online journey planners are updated twelve weeks in advance, and we always advise that passengers check their journeys ahead of time, particularly if travelling late at night or at weekends/public holidays.


I travelled as a group (family/friends) on a delayed train. Can I claim for all of us together?
No – you'll need to make a separate claim for each person as we can’t process more than one claim for the same journey under a single name. These will be treated as duplicates and declined.

If you have already made your claim and it was declined for this reason, please follow the instruction on the email you received.

For each separate claim; you'll need to use that person's own name, contact information, and payment details. The only exception to this is for family members, where it’s fine to share contact and payment details - however each family member’s name must still be different on each claim.


What happens if I activate a Flexi Season ticket pass but then don't travel?
We ask that you only activate a Flexi Season ticket pass if you know you will be travelling. If you choose not to travel after activating a Flexi Season ticket pass because of disruption and delays on the network, please contact Customer Services to have the pass added back to your ticket.

If you activated a pass but there's no disruption that would cause an abandoned journey, then I'm afraid we can't reapply it.

If you activated a pass and abandoned a journey, but then travelled later, we can't reapply it. In these cases, please apply for Delay Repay for the earlier journey.


I abandoned my journey due to delays. Can I still make a claim?
If you abandoned your journey, the next steps will vary based on what you decided to do afterwards.

You will need to claim for Delay Repay if:

If you abandoned your journey by train but completed it by other methods, then please claim Delay Repay.

You will need to claim for a Refund if:

If you abandoned your journey and returned to your origin station or didn't travel at all (unless you have a Season ticket), then please claim a refund.

Season ticket holders are not eligible for abandoned journey refunds, but can still claim Delay Repay if you completed the journey by other methods.


My journey was delayed or cancelled and I chose to complete my journey via taxi. Will you reimburse my taxi fare?
If you needed to complete your journey via a taxi, we can consider taxi claims under exceptional circumstances. However, during disruption we do encourage passengers to check the latest travel information as alternative travel options are likely to have been arranged during severe disruption.

This could be rail replacement buses, ticket acceptance on services like the London Underground, DLR and on local buses – therefore, all taxi claims are reviewed on a case by case basis, and will be considered on their own merit.

In order to consider a taxi claim, we need to see proof of a rail ticket and taxi receipt. Additional evidence may also to required depending on the circumstances of the taxi claim. Taxi claims can be submitted via the contact us webform.


I missed my flight due to flight disruption on the trains, what can I do?
While there are no airports directly on the Southeastern network, our services do provide connections to several on other networks.

When travelling to the airport, we advise allowing plenty of time and following the check-in guidelines provided by both your airline and the airport.

If disruption affects your journey, using an alternative option such as a taxi or bus may help you reach the airport in time. If you do miss your flight, please speak to your airline about alternative arrangements.

If you incur additional costs due to disruption on Southeastern services, you can contact Customer Services with your train ticket, flight booking, journey itinerary, and any receipts or supporting documents. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.


How and when will I receive my compensation?
This will depend on the payment method you choose:

Electronic bank transfer – Simply provide your sort code and account number. Your payment should be with you the next working day after your claim has been approved. But please allow up to 48 hours.
PayPal – Simply provide the email address linked to your PayPal account. Your payment should be with you within one hour of your claim being approved. But please allow up to 48 hours.
eVoucher – redeemable for ticket purchases online through the Southeastern website.
Cashable vouchers – these can be exchanged for cash at any Southeastern ticket office within 28 days, or they can be used to buy rail tickets with most train operating companies in Great Britain (including season tickets) for up to 12 months of being issued. We can pay out compensation up to £50 in National Rail vouchers. Any amount above this will be paid by cheque. Please note that you’ll need to bring photo ID with you to redeem vouchers for cash.
Charity donation –You can choose for your compensation to be paid as a charity donation to either:
Railway Children
RSPCA
Samaritans
Cancer Research UK
Great Ormond Street Hospital Children's Charity
The payment made on your behalf, should be received by your chosen charity the next working day after your claim has been approved.

Please note: we can't process Delay Repay payments to any Debit or Credit card e.g., American Express or Mastercard.


My Delay Repay claim has been approved but I haven't received my payment yet?
Before contacting us, please allow 14 working days for the transfer to fully complete.

When we process compensation via faster payments (using sort code and account details) or PayPal, we’ll use the details you have submitted when making your claim. If your faster payments or PayPal payment is rejected, we’ll be notified by the bank or PayPal, but this notification can take up to 28 days. When this happens, a National Rail Travel Voucher will automatically be sent out to you, and this should arrive within 4 weeks.


My Delay Repay claim has been declined. What can I do?
If you feel your claim has been incorrectly assessed, the quickest and easiest way to get in touch with us is to reply to the communication you received.

Alternatively you can use our Contact Us form, or call us on 0345 322 7021. Please include, or quote, your Delay Repay claim reference number when contacting us about this.


What is enhanced compensation?
Southeastern’s Enhanced Compensation scheme provides additional compensation for sTicket, paper and Key card Season ticket holders when a significant proportion of their journeys in a business period have been delayed longer than 30 minutes.

This compensation is in addition to the compensation all passengers are entitled to under the Delay Repay Scheme. Check our Frequently Asked Questions for more information.

Download Enhanced Compensation Claim Form PDF


What is the Passenger Charter?
Our Passenger Charter sets out what you should expect when you travel with us, how you can claim compensation if you are delayed and how you can contact us. 


SMARTCARD  Q&A 

I bought a Daily Ticket on my Key card online which I've not used or am no longer going to use. How can I get it refunded?
Please read each numbered explanation and follow the steps in the explanation that best relates to you.

If today’s date is before the travel date on your ticket(s), you can process your own refund online. Simply log into your online account, select ‘manage my tickets/refunds’ and follow the steps to process your own refund.
If today's date is the day of travel, or no more than 28 days after the expiry date of your ticket(s), and you haven't yet printed your ticket(s), you need to fill out one of our refund forms. Please include your order or booking reference number, when filling out the refund form. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.
If today’s date is the day of travel, or no more than 28 days after the expiry date of your ticket(s), you can process your own refund online. Simply log into your online account, select ‘manage my tickets/refunds’ and follow the steps to process your own refund. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee. 
If today’s date is more than 28 days after the expiry date of your ticket, you're not entitled to a refund.

I bought a Weekly Season Ticket on my Key card online. How do I get it refunded?
If you have 3 days or more left on your Weekly Season Ticket, you can process your own refund online.

Simply log into your online account, select ‘manage my tickets/refunds’ and follow the steps to process your own refund. Your refund will be made in the same way you paid for your ticket. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.


I bought a Monthly Season Ticket on my Key card online. How do I get it refunded?
If you have 7 days or more left on your Monthly Season Ticket, you can process your own refund online.

Simply log into your online account, select ‘manage my tickets/refunds’ and follow the steps to process your own refund. Your refund will be made in the same way you paid for your ticket. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.


I bought an Annual Season Ticket on my Key card online. How do I get it refunded?
If you have 7 weeks or more left on your Annual Season Ticket, you can process your own refund online.

Simply log into your online account, select ‘manage my tickets/refunds’ and follow the steps to process your own refund. Your refund will be made in the same way you paid for your ticket. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.


I bought a Daily Ticket on my Key card at a Southeastern ticket office that I have not used or am no longer going to use. How can I get it refunded?
Please read each numbered explanation and follow the steps in the explanation that best relates to you.

If today’s date is before the travel date on your ticket(s), please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund.
If today’s date is the day of travel, or no more than 28 days after the travel date on your ticket(s), please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee. 
If today’s date is more than 28 days after the expiry date of  your ticket, you are not entitled to a refund. 
To check your station’s ticket office opening times, please visit our station information page.


I bought a Weekly Season Ticket on my Key Card at a Southeastern ticket office. How do I get a refund?
If you have 3 days or more left on your Weekly Season Ticket, please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.

To check your station’s ticket office opening times, please visit our station information page.


I bought a Monthly Season Ticket on my Key card at a Southeastern ticket office. How do I get a refund?
If you have 7 days or more left on your Monthly Season Ticket, please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.

To check your station’s ticket office opening times, please visit our station information page.


I bought an Annual Season Ticket on my Key card at a Southeastern ticket office. How do I get a refund?
If you have 7 weeks or more left on your Annual Season Ticket, please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.

To check your station’s ticket office opening times, please visit our station information page.


I bought a Daily Ticket from a Southeastern Ticket Vending Machine on my Key card that I have not used or no longer intend using. How can I get a refund?
Please apply for a refund using our online refund form.

Please note, if today’s date is the day of travel, or no more than 28 days after the travel date on your ticket(s), there will be a £5 admin fee. 

If today’s date is more than 28 days after the expiry date of  your ticket, you're not entitled to a refund.


I bought a Weekly Season Ticket from a Southeastern Ticket Vending Machine on my Key card. How do I get a refund?
If you have 3 days or more left on your Weekly Season Ticket, please apply for a refund using our online refund form. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.

I bought a Monthly Season Ticket from a Southeastern Ticket Vending Machine on my Key card. How do I get a refund?
If you have 7 days or more left on your Monthly Season Ticket, please apply for a refund using our online refund form. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.

I left my Key card at home and had to buy an extra ticket. How do I get a refund?
On the first occasion, we’ll be happy to arrange a refund on the extra ticket. On the second occasion, within 12 months of the first, an administration fee of £5 will be charged.

Any further claims won’t be considered within a 12-month period.

Where possible, please purchase your additional ticket from Southeastern, and retain it. If the ticket was bought from a Southeastern ticket office, please apply for a refund there. Alternatively, you can apply for your refund by contacting Customer Services.

Can I get a refund on a Flexi Season ticket?
Yes, a refund is calculated from the difference between the price you paid for the Flexi Season ticket and the cost of an Anytime return ticket for each day you have used. You must apply for a refund before the end of the 28 day validity period. There must be a minimum of one unused day pass left to refund and a £5 admin fee will apply.

What happens if I don't use all 8 Flexi Season day passes in 28 days?
Your Flexi Season ticket is only valid for 28 days. If you haven’t used all 8 day passes you may be entitled to a refund if you apply before the end of the 28 day validity period. There must be a minimum of one unused day pass left to refund and a £5 admin fee will apply.

I was sick so didn't use my Flexi Season ticket this month, can I get a refund?
If you were sick and couldn’t use your Flexi Season ticket you must apply for a refund before the end of the 28 day validity period. There must be a minimum of one unused day pass left to refund, and a £5 admin fee will apply. If you can provide evidence that you were not able to apply for a refund because of illness (such as a doctor’s note), we will still consider your refund application after the expiry date.

I have bought smart tickets for others, how do I request a refund?
Only the person who purchased the tickets can submit a refund request.  Log into your online account and click on ‘Manage my tickets / refund’. Select the tickets that you need to refund and follow the instructions. Please note that if you bought the tickets with a Group discount and are no longer travelling together, this will invalidate your ticket.

I chose the wrong Key card to send the ticket to, what do I do?
You will need to submit a refund request, which can be done through your online account, and then repurchase the ticket for the correct Key card. If you have any concerns, please contact Customer Services.

ETICKET REFUNDS Q&A:

Can I get a refund on an eTicket?
The same terms and conditions apply to your ticket regardless of whether it's paper or digital. The easiest way to request a refund for the eTicket is through your Southeastern account.

If I decide not to travel after going through the gates, can I still claim a refund?
Once an eTicket has been scanned, it counts as being used, so you won't be able to claim a refund through your Southeastern account. To claim a refund if you scanned your eTicket but didn't travel, please contact Customer Services.

ADVANCED TICKETS Q&A

Can I get a refund on an Advance Ticket?
Advance tickets are non-refundable.

However, fee-free refunds may be available if the service an Advance ticket was booked on has been cancelled due to industrial action, or if you abandon your journey due to service disruption. You can apply for this refund for Advance tickets bought through Southeastern at Customer Services. For Advance tickets not bought through Southeastern, please contact your original retailer.

Can I change my Off-Peak and Super Off-Peak ticket?
Off-peak and Super Off-Peak tickets are non-amendable. If you'd like to make changes to your journey, you'd need to apply for a refund on the original and purchase a new ticket for your journey. You have a period of 28 days after the date of travel to apply for any refund.

If you purchased your original ticket online, it has not been printed and you would like to apply for a refund, please sign into your online account, go to 'my bookings', view the booking in question and follow the refund procedure from there. 

If your ticket was purchased online or at a station and it has been printed, we would ask that you post them to our Customer Services team at the address below:

Southeastern Customer Services 
PO Box 8625
Swadlincote 
DE11 1HZ

Please note if the refund is requested before the date of travel printed on the ticket, we will refund in full and no admin fees apply. If the refund is requested on or after the date of travel printed on the ticket, a £5 admin fee applies.

I bought a paper Daily ticket on your website I have not used or am longer going to use. How can I get it refunded?
Please read each numbered explanation and follow the steps in the explanation that best relates to you. 

If today’s date is before the travel date on your ticket(s) and you haven’t yet printed them, you can process your own refund online. Simply log into your online account, select ‘manage my tickets/refunds’ and follow the steps to process your own refund.
If today's date is the day of travel, or no more than 28 days after the expiry date of your ticket(s) and you haven't yet printed them, you need to fill out our refund form. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.
If today’s date is before the travel date on your ticket(s) and you have printed them, you need to send us the ticket(s) you wish to have refunded (see address below). Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.
If today’s date is no more than 28 days after the expiry date of your ticket(s) and you have printed your ticket(s), you need to send us the ticket(s) you wish to have refunded (see address below). Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee.
If today’s date is more than 28 days after the expiry date of your ticket, you're not entitled to a refund.
If your ticket is an Advance Ticket, it's non-refundable. 
Please send ticket(s) and covering letters to us at:

Southeastern Customer Services
PO Box 8625
Swadlincote
DE11 1HZ


I bought a paper Daily ticket at a Southeastern ticket office I have not used or am no longer going to use. How can I get it refunded?
Please read each numbered explanation and follow the steps in the explanation that best relates to you. 

If today’s date is before the travel date on your ticket(s), please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund. 
If today's date is the day of travel, or no more than 28 days after the expiry date of your ticket(s), please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee. 
If today’s date is more than 28 days after the expiry date of  your ticket, you're not entitled to a refund. 
If your ticket is an Advance Ticket, it's non-refundable.
To check your station’s ticket office opening times, please visit our station information page.

 

I bought a paper Daily ticket from a Southeastern Ticket Vending Machine I have not used or am no longer going to use. How can I get it refunded?
Please read each numbered explanation and follow the steps in the explanation that best relates to you. 

If today’s date is before the travel date on your ticket(s), please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund. 
If today's date is the day of travel, or no more than 28 days after the expiry date of your ticket(s), please go back to your local Southeastern station to apply for a refund. Please note, there will be a £5 admin fee. 
If today’s date is more than 28 days after the expiry date of  your ticket, you're not entitled to a refund. 
To check your station’s ticket office opening times, please visit our station information page.


STICKET INFOMATION:


Get digital Season tickets straight to your phone
sTickets are just another way Southeastern can help make your journey easier, giving you access to your Season ticket instantly, without the fuss of a paper ticket and photocard, or the need to queue at a station.

It’s quick and easy to buy sTickets using the Southeastern app or website.*

Login or create a Southeastern account
Buy your sTicket. You will also need to upload a photo which will be stored in your Southeastern app so that you only need to do this once (required for all sTickets apart from Flexi Season sTickets)
Go to the ‘My Tickets’ section of the Southeastern app to download and view your sTicket
All you need to do is scan your sTicket at the ticket gates or show it to a member of staff when they ask to see your ticket.

If you don’t have the Southeastern app, you can download it on the App Store or Google Play.

Apple app store Google play store

* sTickets are now available to purchase through the Southeastern website and the latest version of the Southeastern app. Customers buying sTickets from the website will need to download the Southeastern app to use their sTicket. Travelcard Seasons are not available as Southeastern sTickets.


What is an sTicket?
An sTicket is the digital version of a Season ticket provided as a barcode, that is stored in the Southeastern app. It is an alternative to the traditional paper Season ticket, in the same way that an eTicket is a digital alternative to a paper single or return ticket. 

What are the benefits of sTickets?
An sTicket appears instantly in the app after purchase, there’s no waiting for an email and you won’t need to queue at the station or wait for it to arrive in the post. Plus, you won’t need to carry a paper ticket and photocard with you anymore.

Which tickets are available to purchase as sTickets?
Weekly Season tickets
Monthly Season tickets
Custom period Season tickets (anything longer than a Monthly and shorter than an Annual) 
Annual Season tickets
Flexi Season tickets
Child Season tickets
Travelcard Seasons are not available to purchase as sTickets.

 

How do I buy an sTicket?
You can buy an sTicket through the Southeastern app or website. You will need to be logged into your Southeastern account or create an account if you don’t already have one using the simple registration process.
When selecting your journey in the journey planner, choose sTicket as your collection method and you will be asked to upload a photo. Your sTicket will then appear in ‘My Tickets’ in the app.
If you have bought an sTicket through the website, you will need to download the app to use it.
 

How do I use an sTicket?
To use your sTicket, go to 'My Tickets' in the Southeastern app and scan the barcode at the ticket gates or show to a member of staff when requested. Your barcode will need to be refreshed before each journey. The app does this automatically every three hours, but you can also manually refresh the barcode by selecting this option when you view the ticket. You will need an internet connection to refresh the barcode.

If you have a Flexi Season sTicket, you will be asked if you want to activate the ticket for that day.


Which phones work with an sTicket?
iOS smartphone version 12.4 or later and Android smartphone version 7.0 or later.

What happens if I have no internet connection?
If you are unable to connect to the internet at the time of travel, the sTicket will use a backup barcode to allow you to continue your journey.

You will need to enable push notifications when using sTickets, as this allows us to deliver backup barcodes to your phone in case you lose network connectivity when refreshing your ticket.

Go to Settings > Push notifications on the app to do this.


What happens if I get a new phone?
You can only download and view your sTicket on one device at a time.

However, if you lost your phone or you're upgrading it, you can download the Southeastern app on your new phone, log in and view your sTicket.


Do I need to upload a photo to purchase an sTicket?
You will need to upload a photo when you purchase a Weekly, Monthly, Custom or Annual Season. A photo is not required for Flexi Seasons. The photo will be stored in the app and can be used for future sTicket purchases.


Can I change my photo?
If you wish to change your photo and it is linked to an active ticket, you can submit a request which will be reviewed. To do this, select ‘My Account’ then ‘My Preferences’ in the app. You can delete your photo from your account if it is no longer linked to an active ticket.

How can I claim Delay Repay when travelling with an sTicket?
You can claim compensation if your train is delayed by 15 minutes or more through Delay Repay. 

One-Click Delay Repay claims can be made through the app or website when travelling with an sTicket in the same way that they can with our contactless smartcard, The Key, however you are required to sign up for One Click Delay Repay in order to do this.


How can I claim a refund for my sTicket?
If eligible, you can claim a refund for your sTicket through the app or website by selecting ‘Manage my tickets/refunds’ in your online account and following the steps on screen.

ADVANCED TICKET Q&A 

When are Advance Tickets available?
Weekday bookings for Advance tickets are available until Friday 5 June 2026
Weekend bookings for Advance tickets are available until Sunday 31 May 2026
Bookings are currently unavailable for the late May Bank Holiday weekend from Saturday 23 to Monday 25 May
Services departing between 23:00 and 02:00 will only open 12 weeks in advance when timetables have been confirmed
Details last updated 27 February 2026


Where can I buy an Advance Ticket?
Advance tickets can be purchased online, through our app, and at our station ticket offices, but not through our Ticket Vending Machines.

They're available as paper and eTickets, but not on our contactless smartcard, The Key.


When can I use an Advance Ticket?
Advance tickets are only valid for travel on the specific date and time of the train selected during booked. The ticket will not be valid on other trains and you may be required to buy a new ticket if you travel on a different train than the one booked. 

Advance tickets are available on selected routes, including some high speed services. Unfortunately, Advance tickets are not available for journeys entirely within the London Travelcard are (Zones 1-6) or from selected stations close to London. 


Can I get a refund on my Advance Ticket?
Advance tickets are non-refundable.

However, fee-free refunds may be available if the service an Advance ticket was booked on has been cancelled due to industrial action, or if you abandon your journey due to service disruption. You can apply for this refund for Advance tickets bought through Southeastern at Customer Services. For Advance tickets not bought through Southeastern, please contact your original retalier.


Can I change the journey on an Advance ticket?
Advance Singles are amendable, however there will be a £10 admin fee applied for each ticket changed. They can have their date, journey time, and route changed, as long as it’s with the same train operator as the original journey. The origin and destination stations cannot be changed, nor can the direction of travel.

Advance Singles can be amended at a station right up to the time your journey is due to begin, or online up to the day before travel.

If there is a difference between the price of your original Advance Single and the cost of your new ticket, you will need to pay the difference. If you change to a train on which a cheaper fare is available, the difference will not be refunded.

You can amend your Advance Singles in a few easy ways:

If you purchased your Advance Singles through your Southeastern account, you can log in and amend the date and time.
If you purchased your Advance Singles online and you don’t have a Southeastern account, or it's the day of travel, you’ll need to visit a ticket office and ask for the changes to be made. We're unable to amend Advance eTickets at a ticket office.
If you purchased your Advance Singles at a Southeastern station, you can take your ticket back to a station and request your changes.
Orders purchased as a guest can be registered to a Southeastern account using the link in the confirmation email. This will allow Advance eTickets to be amended.


Can I reserve a seat?
Unfortunately, it is not possible to reserve a specific seat on our trains. Instead, with your Advance ticket you will be able to sit anywhere on the train you have been booked on.

What discounts are available?
Child discounts are available for all Advance fares. You can also combine adult Advance tickets with Kids for a Quid.

Whilst GroupSave discounts aren't available, you can still get 1/3 off Advance tickets with a Railcard, subject to its terms and conditions.


Fare
Ticket types
Best for...
Time valid from...
Great for...
Refunds available?
Railcard discount available?
Available to buy on the day or earlier?
Advance ticket
eTickets
Paper Tickets

Lowest prices	Booked Train only 	Passengers who are meeting up with friends which has been in calendar for weeks in advance.	N	Y	Limited availability, up to midnight the day before travel
Off-Peak ticket	eTickets
Key Smartcard
Paper Tickets
Lower fares avoiding rush hour
Varies from station Check online Journey Planners
Passengers avoiding rush hour services
Y
Y (Minimum fare applies)
Y
Super Off-Peak ticket	eTickets
Key Smartcard
Paper Tickets

Lower fares travelling after 10am on a weekday or anytime at the weekend.
(Not available at stations where Contactless is available) 
After 10am 
Monday-Friday
Anytime Weekends and Bank Holidays
Passengers who are travelling further on our network but are happy to travel after 10am
Y	Y	Y
Anytime ticket
eTickets
Key Smartcard
Paper Tickets

Travelling at any time of the day	No time restrictions	Passengers who wish to be flexible about the time they travel.	Y	Y (Minimum fare applies)	Y
Season ticket
Key Smartcard
sTickets
Paper Tickets (paper photocard required)	Travelling 4 or more times at peak time per week	No time restrictions	Passengers travelling to work at peak times but also want the flexibility to travel whenever they want	Y	16-17 Saver & Job Centre Plus Railcards only	Up to 28 days prior on Key cards
For paper tickets - after 12.00 the day before travel
Flexi Season ticket
Key Smartcard
sTickets	8 Days of travel in a 28-day period	No time restrictions	Passengers who still have to go to the office 2/3 times per week	Y	16-17 Saver & Job Centre Plus Railcards only	Y
Contactless
Apple Pay
Google Pay
Contactless debit/credit card

Travel wholly within London Travelcard zones 1-9 and selected stations outside London, please check journey planners and Transport for London maps.  This includes a few SE stations*	AM Peak 0700-0930
PM Peak 1600-1900	Passengers travelling about in and about London and to selected stations on the SE network* and are unsure of how much or little travel they will be doing. (Daily/weekly capping available)	Through TFL – online account will be needed	N	N (For travel immediately)
Oyster	Oyster card
Travel wholly within London Travelcard zones 1-9
AM Peak 0700-0930
PM Peak 1600-1900
Passengers travelling in and about London but are unsure of how much or little travel they will be doing. (Daily/weekly capping available)
Through TFL – online account will be needed
N	N (For travel immediately)


Gather your group of 3 to 9 people and travel by train with Southeastern GroupSave. You could save 1/3 on the price of individual adult tickets*.

Where to buy GroupSave Tickets
To get the GroupSave discount, you can buy tickets online, from a ticket office or from our ticket machines. Remember, there are no booking fees when you buy tickets from us.

*Terms and conditions apply. See below for details.

Buy tickets
Travelling with children?
Any children travelling in addition to your group of adults will be eligible for Kids for a Quid Tickets. If there are less than three adults in your group, however, it may work out cheaper to buy regular Off-Peak Tickets for the adults and Kids for a Quid Tickets for the children.

If you’re travelling with a larger group of adults and children, take a look at Group Travel.

To see which option is best for your group, book online or ask for advice at a ticket office.

GroupSave is valid on…
Super off-peak Tickets
Off-Peak Tickets
Anytime Single Tickets
Off-Peak day travel cards (bought outside of the London zones)
GroupSave discount Terms and Conditions
GroupSave fares are based on groups of 3 to 9 people travelling together at all times and people travelling on this fare cannot split from the group to travel separately.
To qualify for GroupSave discount, all tickets must be purchased together in a single transaction. Tickets bought separately or added later will not be eligible for the discount, and standard fares will apply.
GroupSave is valid during Off-Peak times on: Super Off-Peak Day Singles and Returns, Off-Peak and some Anytime Tickets, where available.
Available from 09:30 Monday to Friday and at any time at weekends and Bank Holidays.
Kids for a Quid Tickets can be combined with GroupSave. Adults travelling as part of a GroupSave party can purchase up to four Kids for a Quid Tickets each for the children in their party.
GroupSave is valid on Off-Peak Day Travelcards for travel only from stations outside of the London area.
GroupSave discount cannot be applied to 'pay as you go' fares in London and the South East.
GroupSave is valid on Off-Peak Returns for return within one calendar month, where available.
Discounts apply to listed ticket types only and cannot be secured in conjunction with any other offers. GroupSave cannot be used with Railcards, any other Train Operating Company special offers, train or bus travel connecting river or sea routes.
GroupSave is available for Standard Class travel only.
Special ticket refund procedures apply for GroupSave.
National Rail’s GroupSave terms and conditions can be found here.


PlusBus explained
PlusBus is a discount price bus pass that you buy with your train ticket. It gives you unlimited bus travel – on participating operators’ services – to and from the train station and in parts of the town the train station serves.

Benefits of PlusBus
Save time - buy tickets together for train, bus and tram travel
Great value - exclusive, discount price for bus travel
Save money - Railcard holders get one-third off day ticket prices
Go anywhere - unlimited bus travel around the whole urban area of town
It is more flexible - travel on all participating bus operator’s service
Buying your PlusBus Ticket
You can buy a PlusBus Ticket with most types of rail ticket including single, and day return period return at:

Any booking office
From a ticket machine
Online
You can get PlusBus for the start and / or the end of your journey.

Prices start from £2 a day. Children aged five to 15 pay half the adult PlusBus day ticket price. And you can get 1/3 off your PlusBus Ticket if you have a Railcard.

Where exactly can I use PlusBus?
Each town has a travel zone that covers the whole town centre.  With PlusBus, you can travel as much as you like by bus within this zone.

Please see below for the locations where you can use PlusBus within the Southeastern network.

Ashford International
Broadstairs
Canterbury East
Canterbury West
Chatham
Dartford
Deal
Dover Priory
Ebbsfleet International
Folkestone Central
Folkestone West
Gillingham
Gravesend
Greenhithe
Hastings
Herne Bay
Maidstone Barracks
Maidstone East
Maidstone West
Margate
Rainham
Ramsgate
Rochester
Rye
Sandwich
St Leonards Warrior Square
Strood
Tonbridge
Tunbridge Wells
Whitstable
On the Southeastern network, PlusBus is available for the towns shown in the PlusBus fare leaflet

Season tickets for three months and a year are also available to purchase from ticket offices only.

Buy before you board
It is no longer possible to buy the full range of tickets on board a train. Like all train companies*, you must buy a ticket before you board, or risk getting a penalty fare. Only undiscounted Anytime fares will be available from the conductor**. Note that these are more expensive than purchasing before you travel.

If you arrive at a station and no ticket buying options are available to you, you’ll be able to buy a ticket (including discounts) from the conductor on the train or at any point along your route.

If you wish to buy any season ticket you should purchase a single ticket to another Southeastern station where we will be able to credit the value of your single journey against the value of the season ticket. Please note, this exchange must be done within two hours of purchasing your single ticket and we cannot offer refunds on tickets purchased from other train companies.

*The National Rail Conditions of Travel state you must buy a ticket before you board
**See Section 9 of the National Rail Conditions of Travel for more information.

You can find more information in our Buy Before you Board FAQs.
Buying tickets
We now have more convenient ways to buy a ticket before you travel:

you can buy online using your card or Paypal account
through the Southeastern app
or you can register for our Key contactless smartcard, to get your Season ticket.
you can also use contactless methods of payment with a card, oyster card (when in applicable travel zones) plus Apple and Google pay.
we also have ticket vending machines at stations
and of course you can buy from one of our friendly faces at the ticket office.
Plus, when you buy directly through Southeastern there are no booking fees. The price you see is the price you pay! 

Ticket vending machines 
It’s easy to buy tickets at a ticket vending machine. They’re available in all our stations.

Check if your station has a ticket vending machine

Ticket Vending Machine Price Guarantee
If you buy a ticket from one of our ticket vending machines (TVMs), and find the same ticket available elsewhere for a lower price, we will refund you the difference. To check if you can get a refund please contact our Customer Services team by filling out our form, including copies of any tickets bought.

Ticket offices
Buy any train ticket for travel in Great Britain from any of our station ticket offices.

Check ticket office opening times

Oyster pay as you go
You can use an Oyster card on most National Rail services in London, as well as the Tube, buses, trams, DLR, London Overground and TfL Rail. Just touch the card on the yellow reader by the barriers. Remember to touch in at the start and out at the end of your journey.

Find out more about Oyster cards

Contactless payment
You can use contactless cards to travel on most National Rail services in London as well as the Tube, buses, trams, DLR, London Overground and TfL Rail. Contactless cards are usually debit or credit cards. When you use them, you’ll pay the same fare as Oyster.

Just touch the card on a yellow card reader as you would an Oyster card. Always remember to touch in and touch out.

If you prefer to use your phone instead of a bank card, then Apple Pay and Google Pay are also accepted. Always remember to touch in and out.

Apple Pay
Apple Pay is generally the same as using pay as you go with a contactless payment card. You still need to touch in and out on rail services to pay the right fare. You can also use an Apple Watch to pay.

How to use Apple Pay

PayPal
We are now accepting PayPal as a payment method. Just select PayPal when you buy tickets online. If you don’t have a PayPal account you can create one by clicking here.

Travelling with children
Southeastern run trains between London, Kent and parts of East Sussex and welcomes all customers onto our network. Whether you are travelling into London, to the coast or to the towns and villages in between, we are here to help you with your journey.



Download the audio description for Southeastern Buggy Safety Video 2023

Below you can find top tips and advice for customers travelling with children. Information about baby changing facilities, step free access at stations, a tool to help you find less busy trains plus some great ideas about places to visit that children will love.

Travelling with children FAQs

Before you get to the station
Buy your tickets before you get to the station through our website or on our app. 
Use our station information pages to find out more about the facilities at our stations.
Try our SeatFinder timetables to see how busy our train services are at different points of the day.
Request travel assistance in advance, you can make a request via our Passenger Assist team on 0800 783 4524, on our app or by completing the form on our Accessible travel page.
Step Free Access

When you’re travelling with a pram, buggy or young children who are unsteady on their feet, it’s helpful to know which stations have stairs.
Currently, almost 9 out of 10 of our stations have some step free access which maybe in both directions or in one direction only, and we continue to make improvements and apply for funding to make more step free. Find out more in our Accessible Travel Policy.
We recommend checking our station information pages to find out more. Sometimes, the step free route will include a ramp up or down.
A number of stations have lifts giving access to platforms. They may be out of use for essential repairs from time to time, so please check before you travel.
Breast feeding and Baby Change Facilities

We would like passengers to feel comfortable breastfeeding or bottle feeding their baby whilst at our stations.
It is illegal for anyone to ask someone breastfeeding to leave a public place, such as a shop or on public transport. 
Please reach out to our station staff, or use our the help points to contact assistance teams if you are made to feel uncomfortable.
You can find information on stations with baby changing facilities on our station information pages, for a full list of stations that offer baby changing facilities check the dropdown menu below

Stations with baby changing facilities
Getting on and off Southeastern trains
We want all customers to travel safely with us, please take care and ensure you and those travelling with you keep away from the yellow lines at the edge of the platforms. Remember to always apply the brakes to prams or buggies when you are on the platform, and where possible hold the hands of young children to ensure they do not wander close to the platform edge.
Across our network our trains vary in size which can sometimes mean the gap between the platform and train is bigger in some places than others. If you would like a ramp to board the train, you can book assistance with our Passenger Assist team, or ask a member of staff at the station. If you are travelling from an unstaffed station, there are help points which you can use to request assistance. Where there is a bigger gap, and where possible, we recommend you ask a member of staff for help.
When boarding a train regardless of the size of the gap, please check the child is fastened securely into their pram or buggy and that any bags are also safely attached.
When boarding the train, face the pram or buggy towards the train and tilt it slowly back towards you, lift the front wheels up onto the train. Once the front wheels are onboard the train, raise the rear wheels level with the train and step onboard whilst pushing the pram/buggy forwards.
When leaving the train, once again check the child is securely fastened along with any bags. Step down onto the platform first, and then bring the pram/buggy off the train towards you, making sure the rear wheels are on the platform before bringing the pram/buggy front wheels off of the train.
Alternatively, you may find it easier bringing one that is easy to fold and doing so before you board the train. To help with this consider bringing a sling or baby carrier when travelling to make this easier.
Once on-board
Storing Prams and Buggies

Our trains have wheelchair accessible areas on board. If unoccupied, these can be used when travelling with pram or buggy, however they must be given up if a wheelchair or mobility scooter user boards the train and requires the space. Please remember to never leave your pram unattended in a wheelchair space and please don't store anything else here such as luggage or bikes.
Prams and buggies must be capable of folding, please check the National Rail Conditions of Travel for more information. We recommend bringing one that is easy to fold and you may wish to consider bringing a sling or baby carrier to make your journey more comfortable.
Finding a seat

Many of our trains in peak travelling hours can get very busy with commuters so if at all possible we would recommend travelling outside of peak hours. We have a SeatFinder tool which is designed to help you plan your journey.
The system uses train loading data of the same services from the previous four weeks to provide the most accurate information of how busy your service will be.
Breast feeding and Baby Change Facilities

Our useful guide is available to download, with pictures of all our trains and information about the facilities on board. Baby changing toilets can be found in the accessible coach which is often marked by an orange strip above the door and there is a wheelchair symbol on the door.
Download guide to on board baby changing facilities

Wi-Fi

You can enjoy free Wi-Fi onboard all Southeastern trains.
Our Wi-Fi is approved under the Friendly Wi-Fi safe certification standard.
The certification shows that indecent and inappropriate material is being blocked from access to make browsing the web safe for you and any little ones.
To find out more information visit the Friendly Wifi website.
Other useful information
Travelling on a train when pregnant

To make travelling more comfortable for you, we provide baby on board badges which will make other passengers aware you may require a seat.
Applying is easy. Simply request a baby on board badge using our online feedback form, or give our customer services team a call on 0345 322 7021 and they’ll be happy to put one in the post for you.
A priority seating card is also available.
This card can be shown to fellow passengers who are sitting in a priority seat and gives them priority over non-card holders.
Download a Priority Seating card

Bikes on trains
We’re proud to support cycling as part of your journey. However, space for bikes on our trains is limited and safety is our top priority, so there are restrictions on when, where and how many bikes can be carried.

We can’t guarantee space for your bike, as it’s offered on a first come, first served basis. On exceptionally busy trains, we may ask you not to board the train if there isn’t enough room to carry your bike safely, even at times when bikes are normally allowed, as outlined in the National Rail Conditions of Carriage.

Folding bikes
You can bring a folding bike on any of our trains at any time, as long as it is folded before you reach the platform and stays folded while onboard. Your folding bike must have wheels that are 20 inches or smaller.

Regular, non-folding bikes
You can bring a regular, two-wheel bike on our Off-Peak services, which includes any time at the weekend and on Bank Holidays.

You can also bring a regular bike on some Peak services, as long as there's enough space to carry it safely. However, regular bikes are not allowed on Peak services between London and the following stations:

Ashford (on Highspeed services)
Gillingham
Hayes
Otford
Tonbridge
Peak times are:

Trains arriving in London between 07:00 and 09:59, Monday to Friday
Trains leaving London between 16:00 and 18:59, Monday to Friday

How many bikes can go on a train?
All our trains can carry at least two bikes. However, our train layouts and lengths vary, so the number of bikes we can carry depends on the type of train.

Where there's no dedicated cycle space, please spread bikes throughout the train. If you're travelling with someone else, this may mean you won't be able to travel in the same carriage.


Is it free to take a bike on a train?
Yes, it is free to take your bike on a Southeastern train and you don't need to book in advance. We operate on a first come, first served basis.

Can I put my bike in the wheelchair space?
Wheelchair and mobility scooter users have absolute priority over these spaces. If you place your bike in a wheelchair space, do not leave it unattended and be ready to move it immediately if needed. Don’t wait to be asked – just do the right thing.

If no other space is available and a disabled person requires the area, our staff may ask you to leave the train. In these rare cases, please cooperate and be respectful – our staff are working to keep everyone safe and comfortable.


What about children's bikes?
We understand that families may need more flexibility. If you’re travelling with children and bikes, you can bring one adult bike and up to two small children’s bikes onto one carriage, as long as they don’t block the doors, walkways, or staff areas.

Can I travel with a group of cyclists?
If you’re travelling as a group with bikes, you may not be able to travel together due to space restrictions on board. Please be ready to spread out throughout the train. This might mean you won’t all be able to board the same service.

We can’t guarantee space for groups of cyclists, so we recommend choosing quieter services wherever possible.


Can I take my bike on rail replacement bus services?
If your train is cancelled, you won't be able to carry your bike onto a replacement bus service.

Why don't all your trains have bike spaces?
Some of our trains were designed to give as many people seats as possible, especially for busy peak-time services. This means not all trains have dedicated bike spaces, but we’re always looking at ways to improve how we support cyclists.

Tips for travelling with a bike
Allow plenty of time at the station
Label your bike clearly
Store folding bikes in the luggage area
Stay close to your bike
Stay clear of doors, walkways and staff areas
Hiring a bike at our stations
There are various bike share and hire schemes available near many of our London stations, including Forest, Lime and Santander.

If you’re using a hire bike to travel to one of our stations, please park responsibly to keep pathways clear and accessible for everyone:

Follow the relevant scheme’s parking guidance
Use a designated parking bay whenever possible
Park neatly, with wheels parallel to the pavement or parking bay markings
Make sure there’s enough space for a wheelchair or pushchair to pass
Avoid blocking pathways, entrances, or exits
E-bikes
You can travel with a road-legal electric bike (e-bike) under the same rules and restrictions as standard bikes.

To qualify, your e-bike must:

Be pedal assisted
Have a motor with a maximum continuous rated power output of 250 watts
Not provide electrical assistance when travelling at more than 15.5 mph
For everyone’s safety, charging e-bikes is not permitted on the train.

Find out more information about taking e-bikes on trains and their use at stations.

E-scooters
E-scooters and e-skateboards are not permitted on Southeastern trains or at our stations. If you arrive at a station with an e-scooter or e-skateboard, you may be refused travel.


Why are these devices banned?
This policy is in place due to fire safety concerns associated with the lithium-ion batteries used in e-scooters and e-skateboards.

There have been isolated incidents where e-scooter and e-skateboard batteries have caught fire. These batteries are typically located beneath the board – where users stand – making them more susceptible to damage.

If a battery were to catch fire on a train board a train, it would pose a serious risk to passengers and staff. Therefore, along with other train operating companies such as Govia Thameslink Railway and South Western Railway, we have banned e-scooters and e-skateboards until we can be confident they are safe.


Under what conditions is the ban enforceable?
Paragraph 23.5 of the National Rail Conditions of Travel states that e-scooters are only permitted at the discretion of individual train companies. This gives Southeastern the right to refuse to carry them.

Additionally, the Railway Byelaws contain several provisions that can be used to enforce the ban of e-scooters, e-skateboards and other recreational mobility devices powered by lithium-ion batteries, e.g. Byelaw 2.



What about other devices powered by lithium-ion batteries?
All recreational mobility devices powered by lithium-ion batteries – except for road-legal e-bikes – are not permitted on our trains or stations.

What about mobility scooters?
We welcome wheelchairs and mobility scooters up to 1200mm long and 700mm wide and have a combined (user and scooter) weight of 300kg, as this is the weight restriction of our boarding ramps.

For more information, download our Wheelchair and Scooter Guide PDF.


Is this a permanent ban?
Until greater regulation and testing can be brought in to ensure the safety of those travelling on trains, e-scooters and e-skateboards will remain banned.
Tandems, tricycles & handbikes
We cannot accommodate tandems, tricycles, handbikes, motorcycles or cycles with trailers on our trains. If you are using a cycle as mobility aid, and if your cycle is no bigger than 1200mm long and 70mm wide, please contact us and we will explore potential travel options with you.

To contact us please use one of the following channels:

Call: 0800 783 4524
Convo Now: https://www.convo.io/uk/home
Text Relay: 18001 0800 783 4524
Online: https://www.southeasternrailway.co.uk/
Available 24 hours a day, every day except Christmas Day.


Parking your bike at the station
With limited space for bikes on our trains, we recommend that most people park their bike at the station before boarding. We’ve invested in bike parking facilities across our network and will continue to look at ways to improve these facilities.

Most of our stations offer bike parking – whether stands or racks – and further details can be found on our station information pages.

29 of our stations also have Cycle Hubs. These hubs have dedicated lighting, CCTV, and can only be accessed with a key fob.


Which stations have Cycle Hubs?
Cycle hubs are available at the following stations:

Cycle hub 	Number of spaces
Ashford International	96
Birchington-on-Sea	30
Canterbury West	196
Chatham	282
Clock House	32
Dartford	40
Dover Priory	40
Elmers End	28
Elmstead Woods	50
Folkestone Central	59
Folkestone West	40
Gravesend	218
Greenhithe	40
Knockholt	40
Maidstone East	60
Marden	42
Margate	40
Orpington	80
Paddock Wood	80
Petts Wood	40
Sidcup	68
Slade Green	30
Strood	52
Swanley	56
Tonbridge	272
Walmer	24
Welling	40
Westgate-on-Sea	12
Whitstable	62

How do I get access to a Cycle Hub?
To use one of our Cycle Hubs, you can register for a three-, six- or 12-month subscription at the station ticket office. Once you have signed up and paid, you’ll be given a key fob that gives you access to the hub.

Your key fob will stay active for the length of your subscription. If you’d like to renew, just visit the ticket office again and they’ll activate your fob for your chosen period.


How much does it cost?
You can register for a three-, six- or 12-month subscription to use one of our Cycle Hubs. Subscription prices vary slightly depending on the station, with each one grouped into either Tier 1, Tier 2, or Tier 3.

Duration	Tier 1 Station Prices	Tier 2 Station Prices	Tier 3 Station Prices 
3 months	£15	£10	£5
6 months	£25	£20	£15
12 months	£40	£30	£20
Tier 1 stations

Ashford International
Canterbury West
Chatham
Dartford
Gravesend
Orpington
Sidcup
Tonbridge
Tier 2 stations

Clock House
Dover Priory
Elmstead Woods
Folkestone Central
Folkestone West
Greenhithe
Maidstone East
Margate
Paddock Wood
Petts Wood
Slade Green
Strood
Swanley
Welling
Whitstable
Tier 3 stations

Birchington-on-Sea
Elmers End
Knockholt
Marden
Walmer
Westgate-on-Sea

Who do I contact if I have an issue?
If you have any issues with the Cycle Hub or access system while at the station, please speak to staff at the station ticket office first – they’ll be happy to help.

If the ticket office is closed or can’t resolve the issue, you can get in touch with Southeastern customer services using the details in our Contact Us section.


Bike security at our stations
We continue to improve cycle parking, lighting and CCTV to help keep your bike safe while you travel. To further protect your bike, we recommend you:

Park your bike in a well-lit area
Security mark your bike
Register your bike on the national bike registration database
Keep a clear photo of your bike and a description
Please note, bikes are left at stations and in cycle parking facilities are at your own risk.